listen so I've talked about how these
types of movies have pretty much become
their own genre in 2018 like even when
you go to film festivals they group them
all together and they themselves kind of
pitch it all as one but for every one of
them that's actually crafted well when
is able to get their message across
successfully there's others that think
that just by saying racism bad that that
automatically makes them good movies it
doesn't so I was curious about this one
because it had the talent behind it
right the story can obviously be very
compelling but looking at the trailers
it also seemed like it was just gonna be
another episode of Degrassi just on the
big screen but once I saw George Tommen
was directing it I knew I felt that it
would dive into what it needed to since
he had made movies like soul food
notorious Luke Cage and of course the
longest ride in all honesty I give this
one a jr. price because of how well
stars character was developed I'm not
saying that every aspect hits home
there's there's three really cringey
scenes that I'm gonna be talking about
but for those of you who like things
like on my block or the show seven
seconds which also has Isaiah Butler
then you're gonna want to watch this one
cuz it surprised me let me explain so
this movies based off of a novel that
expands on to parks acronym of thug life
that the reason so much chaos happens in
certain places is because people grow up
automatically having so much hate in
their hearts for things that have been
done to them that's why star and her
siblings get sent to a preppy school
since their mom Regina wants them to
roam the nicer halls even if they don't
always fit in that's why the colors
shift in every scene so every time she's
back home everything's super warm while
when she's away and she's in the preppy
school its bluer than eiffel 65 and
that's because all of the kids who she
meets there are allowed to speak slang
to her and they think it comes off as
cool but she knows at the moment that
she does it they're all gonna think that
she's too hood Williamson star doesn't
give anyone a reason to call her get her
and I hate myself for doing it it's like
when twerking was never broadcast for
the same reason but then you know Miley
did it and we couldn't escape it you
don't get the best of both worlds Hannah
Starr however is trying to do that
because she starts dating Archie from
Riverdale who's as white as can be but
since both of them watch sneaker
shopping on complex day
have a connection everything starts to
fall apart however when the incident
happens growing-up star had two best
friends who all pretended to be wizards
since they were obsessed with Harry
Potter love the series the same
definitely have seen each one twice but
the thing is is that when one of them
got shot in a drive-by that started
breaking their bond especially
considering that star's dad was mixed in
with the people who did it and they even
told her that she wasn't allowed to
snitch at all hence the acronym years
later she reconnects with Kaleo at a
party and this dude is as smooth as can
be like their friendship just picks up
like nothing years can pass by and
they're okay and this man even goes in
for a kiss and she goes whoa I got a
boyfriend
and he's like soccers got a goalie don't
mean I can't score and she felt that
obviously things don't end well when he
gets pulled over just because he reached
for a comb and that's where the movie
really started surprising me
specifically a man less than Burke's
performance I have seen her as Roux
right I saw her in that darkest minds
movie that wasn't for me and everything
everything I've seen her and I had no
clue she had these acting chops on her
there were scenes that reminded me of
Alex and hereditary if you know what I'm
talking about like just the way she
reacted to the entire incident I thought
was way more impactful than some other
movies who try to cover it from the
outside but you had her waking up from
night terrors she was puking like days
after the incident had happened but as
much as I loved her performance that
doesn't mean there wasn't some cringy
scenes right common who's in this movie
and he's playing the uncle who was also
a police officer pretty much acted like
that super Christian kid who has to play
Satan in the church play you know he
really doesn't want to do it so he like
says all of his lines with his fingers
crossed behind him there's a scene
between him and his niece who's asking
him these questions and in the movie
monsters and Men which I love they have
a scene like that and they do a
fantastic job with it however in this
one comment said things that were
clearly just bait to make him look dumb
and another one there's this lady right
here who I'm not even gonna repeat the
dumb line she said you'll know it when
you see it but then there's a little
tumblr scuffle that happens between her
and her friend who one follows her
because she believes that the cop is
innocent and Khalil would have died
anyways and look Sabrina carpenter might
have starred in Girl Meets World
but this girl hasn't seen any of it
since she's too caught up in her own
later on in the movie there's a scene
where the preppy school treats the March
for Kaleo as a day to play hooky and
they all pretend to care about them just
so they can you know skip the exams I
needed to take that day and ironically
the movie plays logic in the background
but it's all that build-up that causes
star to appear as the star witness and
testify against the cop which only rises
tensions from the police the local gang
and her boyfriend who you know after
that little talk he's actually a pretty
good dude by the end the cop doesn't get
indicted but the movie climax isn't a
scene that I personally don't believe
would have ended as peacefully in real
life but I get what they were going for
at that point the local gang and the dad
go up in arms and right before they're
about to shoot each other it turns out
that the little brother pulled a crash
and he's the one who took the dad's gun
and then the cops pull up on the little
kid again the acronym somehow things end
peacefully in that scene which was
probably the biggest miracle that could
have happened and everyone is able to
settle down and continue living again I
think these right here are movies that
do a fantastic job at covering subjects
like this but I was surprised that this
one was able to deliver it well in my
opinion there have been a lot of other
movies that have covered this there's
gonna be a lot more that are gonna come
out and I'm always here to support the
good ones but I'll always stand by the
fact that a group shouldn't be defined
by these tragically sad movies it's just
whatever they do make a good one a happy
one
others get upset they love it thank you
guys for checking out this video I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section I was surprised
at how many things I was reading that
people didn't even want to see this
movie which is you know it's it's fine
it's still even if it has an important
message the movie may not deliver to you
acting wise and all that stuff that's
why I was surprised with it but people
walking out because they didn't wanna
I guess watch the movie I liked that I
thought the part with the wand where it
turns out he did have the one the whole
time that one hit home I one of the my
favorite lines in it was when he when
she says that she isn't going to be star
version 2.0 she's just gonna be star cuz
it's like fruit you know you don't need
to restart since your past makes you I
personally like the movie I thought it
was pretty good again I highly recommend
movies like Monsters and Men there was
also the documentary crime and
punishment that I think are pretty good
but you know I'm here to know your
thoughts don't forget to comment like
and subscribe down below and I'll send
you a fresh pair of J's